PROJ-46 - Our process (#23)
SW805F20/report: sections/sprint-1/our-process.tex

\section{Our process}
Our process was inspired by Essence, which is previously described in \autoref{sec:essence}.

> We have been working with a ScrumBut approach in the beginning of the semester, but we decided that we wanted to try a new organization this semester, and during the courses of \textit{Software Innovation} we decided to pivot with our process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have been working with a ScrumBut approach in the beginning of the semester, but we decided that we wanted to try a new organization this semester, and during the course of \textit{Software Innovation} we decided to pivot, changing the process.
```

> We have been working with a ScrumBut approach in the beginning of the semester, but we decided that we wanted to try a new organization this semester, and during the courses of \textit{Software Innovation} we decided to pivot with our process.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
We have been working with a ScrumBut approach in the beginning of the semester, but we decided that we wanted to try a new organization this semester, and during the \textit{Software Innovation} course we decided to pivot, changing our process.
```
